I'm asking a very real question about
her ability to be even capable of
defining I think she might be the worst
thing that has ever happened to this
country this slate of yours it will set
us back a generation they will
completely support me and what I stand
for and what is that the American
oligarchs out there they are coming for
us as a patriot who loves his country we
can do so much better they are trying to
strip me of my constitutional power as
your commander-in-chief you are daring
them you've turned it into a spectacle
and now they will not stop I hear they
have you on a short leash we've been
entwined you and I for decades now we
deserve to go our separate ways you said
it yourself she's as guilty as he is I'm
saying maybe more Doug there isn't a
shed over you to hide him anymore
you know I slept with him once your
husband you have enemies and they
underestimate you you know Frances
warned me about you I'm not going to be
told what to do anymore dunk not by you
or any man ever again guess which kind
of people I'm done suffering every
punishment that history will surely
visit upon Claire underwood will be
exactly what she deserves
violence is a funny thing it's not so
much the physical pain victims can
remember it's the feelings around it
the fear each one of us has to defend
our destiny the first female president
of the United States is not going to
keep her mouth shut in the blink of an
eye at the last trumpet dances over the
dead will be raised incorruptible and we
shall be changed
who do you fear most her
[Music]
you